what is the best feeling in the world
for eight-year-old Simon it's knowing
that your parents truly care for you and
want to spend time together this
insightful book explains the value and
importance of spending time with your
children
in fact paying attention to your kids is
more important than buying their
affection with gifts little Simon knows
that even though he has all the material
things he could possibly ever want he
really just wants time to spend together
and receive personal attention from his
parents
Simon's mom and dad to hard-working
well-meaning people think that showering
Simon with material things makes up for
their lack of spending quality time with
him but Simon is not happy what he
really wants is a mom and dad who spend
quality time with him because he's seen
the great family relationships of his
best friends says the author what
inspired me to write this book is one
very specific event that happened to me
as a child my father had promised to
visit and spend time with me on a
Saturday as I hadn't seen him for some
time I waited and waited and waited
finally around 10 p.m.
he showed up for about 10 minutes handed
me a $50 bill and left I was devastated
the best feeling in the world doesn't
come from owning things it comes from
feeling appreciated and loved available
at amazon.com and other online retailers
as well as directly from the publisher
and at Christopher Kaeding calm and the
best feeling in the world calm